<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Stop the Web Insanity! I want to get off the Train.</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Stop the Web Insanity! I want to get off the Train.</h1>

<h2>Ultra-short summary</h2>

<p>
The whole HTML 5/CSS/JavaScript
doing funky stuff in the browser, and communicating with an HTTP service on 
the backend using AJAX stuff, and that can 
<a href="http://community.livejournal.com/shlomif_tech/52195.html">only run in 
Google Chrome</a> and not on more "ancient" browsers, and with new daily 
buzzwords, jargon, technologies and fashion, is getting out of control.
It would be impossible to maintain into the future for any mortal programmer, 
and hurts the original vision of the World Wide Web as a way to transfer 
"Hypertext" (in both directions at first, though it took it time to mature
from the HTTP "PUT" verb, which was a security breach, into modern days
wikis) from a host to a client, and be just another service in the Internet. 
The latter in turn, based on TCP/IP - whether IPv4 or IPv6, was meant as a way 
to be a general application 
<a href="http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/Platforms.html">platform</a>,
in which many past, present and future protocols would cooperate to allow
remote computers to commmunicate with one another in a "The network is the
computer fashion".
</p>

<p>
While I don't propose ditching HTML, HTTP, XML and related technologies, 
JavaScript, SVG, etc. I think that
at one point we should say "You cannot do it inside your browser and you will
never be able to without losing your sanity. Please write
a Gtk+/Qt/wxWidgets/SWT/MS Windows/WINE/libwine/SDL or even something less 
portable, that will communicate using HTTP or even plain TCP/IP". With all
due respect to the 
<a href="http://www.joelonsoftware.com/articles/APIWar.html">"the new API is
HTML"</a> (or as I like to think about it: "HTML is the new king"), this whole
"web development" stuff has gotten out of control, and we should realise that
the web (with all of its many cool, web sites, which are not dead) is just
our servant, and should not be our master, and it's only part of the Internet.
</p>

</body>
</html>
