<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>We are Qs</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection" title="Normal" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./print.css" type="text/css" media="print" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>We are Qs!</h1>

<p>
We are Qs! Q is us! We have formed the Q continuum. And soon everyone will be
happy, shining, benevolent, unstoppable, Qs. And the New Age will finally
begin, succeeding Modernism and post-Modernism. 
</p>

<p>
So who are Qs? Read my screenplay
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/Star-Trek/We-the-Living-Dead/">Star
    Trek: "We, the Living Dead"</a>, to find out. But here's a short summary:
</p>

<h2>Animals</h2>

<p>
Animals live their life without choice. They are self-controlling and alive,
but have no choice. Humans are not like that. Human are conscious, they are
sentient, they have choice.
</p>

<h2>Mortals</h2>

<p>
Mortals are everyday humans. They can be very bad or very good or somewhere
between that. But they are still mortals and their psyche may die, living them
as dead human beings. As people with psyche death, they become resentful and
less and less capable, and more envious and eventually bad, mystical people,
who are parasites and try to suck life out of the living. Sometimes they 
succeed, but often they don't because mortals and especially vampires (see
below) know better.
</p>

<h2>Vampires</h2>

<p>
Vampires are mortals who have determined to stay young forever (at least
in their heart), to keep a live and healthy psyche and to enjoy life, more
and more no matter what happens to them.  
</p>

<h2>Rings</h2>

<p>
Rings are supreme vampires. Not only are they vampires, but they are very
influential and turn all those around them into vampires, and can see through
irrationality and illogicality . Even if they are not violent, they
cannot lose and cannot be stopped.
</p>

<p>
There were nine (9) most notable rings in human history:
</p>

<ol>
<li>Moses - The Jew</li>
<li>Cyrus - The Liberator</li>
<li>Aristotle - The Objective</li>
<li>Muhammad - The Messenger</li>
<li>Saladin - The Just</li>
<li>Gutenberg - The Printer</li>
<li>Galileo - The Scientist</li>
<li>George Washington - The Liberal</li>
<li>Ayn Rand - The Objectivist</li>
</ol>

<p>
Ayn Rand's legacy was that many people who have read her words (or better,
learned from her deeds) became rings themselves. So there was no use in 
keeping track of more. But what's missing?
</p>

<h2>Q - The Invisible</h2>

<p>
Q is the one ring of the lord of darkness (= the Q continuum). Even if he's
fictional and imaginary, he is alive - he lives in our soul. Q's legacy was
that he jumpstarted what is now one of the universe's most advanced 
civilisations, while still not being omnipotent (which is a logical
and mathematical impossibility), and still starting off as a mortal. What
made Q extraordinary, is that he was a ring who expected anyone else to be
rings. Not only that, but he expected everyone else to become Qs and thus
to infinity.
</p>

<p>
Q is not someone else. We don't have to go afar to seek the holy grail. Q is
us. We are Q. We will ascend from mortals to vampires to rings to Qs. We
will be invincible, and no one will be able to stop us.
</p>

<h2>Who are the Qs of today?</h2>

<p>
<a href="http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Peter_Ustinov">Peter Ustinov</a> (a
great ring of the past) once said that “If Botticelli were alive today he'd be 
working for Vogue”. Back when he said that, Vogue was more subversive and
avant-garde and was considered a culture of low taste. Nowadays, Vogue is
more established, and many intelligent women and men will boast writing
for it in their bio or resume. The same goes for Playboy, BTW.
</p>

<p>
So if an artist as avantgarde and as controversial as Ayn Rand lived today
who will she be? No, she will not be on Flickr, which is great as it is, is 
not too subversive. She will likely be someone like 
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christina_Grimmie">Christina Grimmie</a>.
Ms. Grimmie may only be a vampirella, but if she is determined, she too 
can become a ring and a Q and so can you.
</p>

<h2>What will the Qs be like?</h2>

<p>
The male and female Qs will be young-at-heart-if-not-in-body. They will be
attractive and sexy. They will be very diverse. They will share their knowledge,
and give away all their "secrets". They will be admired and lusted. They will
be able to have any true parasite (many men, but especially many women) admit
this is the case for them by using simple
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socratic_method">Socratic irony</a>.
While not being supermen and superwomen, they will be resourceful and the
anti-thesis of needy, and will try to never blame external factors in their
own problems.
</p>

<p>
The enemies of the Qs will be no match for their power, for they possess
power far greater than firearms. They will possess the power of The
Slayer, 
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milady_de_Winter">Milady de Winter</a>, 
a formidable vampirella, who was sexy, competent and independent and only 
portrayed as an non-realistic criminal mastermind, who could "slay" all the
truly evil people she encountered ("slay" - not kill). Moreover, they will
possess the power of The Dispeller, the fictional Selena Mandrake, an
Anglo-American female girl in her senior year in high school today, who
was the first one who was able to slay The Slayer, because she did not slay
individual people, but actually focused on dispelling their prejudices and
superstitions. The Dispeller is one step ahead of The Slayer like The Liberator
was one step ahead of The Free, and the Liberal was one step ahead of
Liberator. (And who knows what the future brings.).
</p>

<p>
Despite being Qs, they will never look down on other vampires or even other
mortals, because they know that they don't know, and that dismissing a less
experienced or talented person as someone who cannot teach them anything
is something only "fools" do, and an <a 
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hominem">ad-hominem</a>. Some very
inexperienced people can beat highly experienced ones at their own game,
because that's how nature is.
</p>

<p>
Finally, the Qs will not aim to be "original", they will aim to be good.
They will restore the age-long tradition of fan art (which is prevalent
in such ancient books as the Hebrew Bible and the Greek writings), and it will 
be considered a first-class citizen to having 100% original artworks.
</p>

<p>
The Qs of today will be the winners, and together they will start the New Age,
an exciting age where people are sexy, 
hard-working-and-have-a-lot-of-fun-in-the-process; are masters of their own
future and destiny; know that the worst way to waste your time is to 
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Momo_%28novel%29">never waste it</a>;
and that regardless of how complicated and comprehensive your rules are,
you must always use logic and reason, that justice is defined as practised
by <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saladin">Saladin</a> and
Gandhi, not
the simplistic "eye for an eye, tooth for the tooth" of the Jewish Torah; 
and they will never blindly follow orders, because that is what ultimately 
caused all the great human-made calamities in the past, including World War II.
</p>

<p>
It will be a great age.
</p>

<p>
Sincerely yours, -- 
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/">Shlomi Fish</a>, The Eternal Jew, The
Neo-Tech Invisible, and a Q.
</p>

</body>
</html>
