<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Those who teach well - can.</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection" title="Normal" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./print.css" type="text/css" media="print" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>"Those who teach well - can."</h1>

<p>
George Bernard Shaw said in 
<a href="http://en.wikiquote.org/w/index.php?title=Man_and_Superman&amp;oldid=1188619"><i>Man and Superman</i></a> that:
</p>

<blockquote>
<p>
He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.
</p>
</blockquote>

<p>
While this quote is somewhat amusing, I'll make the claim here that it is
false, and that it should no longer be taken for granted, as a way
to undervalue all the great teachers out there (of all kinds).
</p>

<p>
<a href="http://www.paulgraham.com/">Paul Graham</a> agrees with me
in his essay <a href="http://www.paulgraham.com/hundred.html"><i>The
Hundred-Year Language</i></a>:
</p>

<blockquote>
<p>
It's not true that those who can't do, teach (some of the best hackers I know
are professors), but it is true that there are a lot of things that those who
teach can't do.
</p>
</blockquote>

<p>
(Hackers here means <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_%28programmer_subculture%29">a
competent software developer</a> (or any creative individual in general), not 
necessarily a computer intruder. See what Graham wrote about it further in
<a href="http://www.paulgraham.com/gba.html">the word "Hacker"</a>.)
</p>

<p>
However, I found earlier insights to that in the so-called Jewish 
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oral_Torah">"Oral Torah"</a>, where
various Jewish scholars, in many periods, collaborated and ended up saying 
that <b>"I learned a lot from my teachers, and from my peers more than 
from my teachers, and from my students the most".</b> (There's 
<a href="http://www.daat.ac.il/daat/kitveyet/shmaatin/hatalmid.htm">an old
page</a> about it in Visual Hebrew on the 
<a href="http://www.daat.ac.il/">Hertzog College site</a>.) That was during
the middle ages, many centuries before Shaw (though it is possible there were
older, similar, insights among Greek or Roman philosophers).
</p>

<p>
I think it means that one learns more by experiencing than by passive
learning, and even more than that by teaching. From my experience in working
on the
<a href="http://perl-begin.org/tutorials/perl-for-newbies/">"Perl for Perl 
Newbies"</a> series of tutorials (and further educational material about
software-related topics down the road), I can say that I had to structure
my thoughts in a logical and deductive way, that my intended audience will
be able to understand after reading it in order (or maybe only after
skimming parts of it). I'm not sure if I did a very good job,
but it still increased my understanding of Perl higher than
the many years I've actively written Perl code. A different
software trainer I talked with claimed that he invests about 24 hours in 
preparing the material for every hour of training he is giving. I've also
gotten many similar insights from educating people with their Perl problems on
various on-line forums.
</p>

<p>
So, we should realise that those who teach well, can. There are a lot of bad
teachers of all sorts out there, but being a good teacher requires that
you have a good understanding of the material, be high competent, and also 
work very hard (which despite popular belief, can still bring a lot of
joy and happiness). It's high time we put the "Those who can, do; those who 
can't teach" prejudice to rest.
</p>

<p>
(Also see <a href="http://shlomif.livejournal.com/39215.html">what I've
written</a> about the variation
"Those who can, do; those who can't, complain.".)
</p>

<h2>Meta</h2>

<p>
This was a small filler post for this blog (
<a href="http://unarmed.shlomifish.org/">"Unarmed but still Dangerous"</a> ),
as I'm busy working on some other articles and essays, and enhancing some
existing essays and stories. I had previously 
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/computers/education/introductory-language/#three_levels_of_learning">written about it</a> in my essay
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/computers/education/introductory-language/">"Thoughts 
about the Best Introductory Language"</a>, but I think it got lost in 
confusion, and did not make a large enough impact on the Blogosophere there.
</p>

<p>
My <a href="http://unarmed.shlomifish.org/909.html">previous post</a> proved
to be very popular after it was Slashdotted successfully, and afterwards
featured on some other news sites, blogs, microblogs, and on-line forums (some
people told me it became 
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Viral_marketing">"viral"</a>). So I'm
happy with all the attention, and that "Unarmed but still Dangerous", has
gotten off on the right foot.
</p>

</body>
</html>
