<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Open Letter to President Barack Obama: Stop Iran and Save Tel Aviv</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection" title="Normal" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./print.css" type="text/css" media="print" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>
<!-- Tags: obama, politics, telaviv, israel
-->
<h1>Politics: Open Letter to President Barack Obama: Stop the Iranian Leadership and Save Tel Aviv</h1>

<p>
<b>TO:</b> Mr. Barack Obama, President of the United States of America; and
all the world value producers.
</p>

<p>
<b>FROM:</b> Mr. <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/">Shlomi Fish</a>: Tel
Aviv, Israel-based humorist, essayist,
Internet entertainer, amateur philosopher, polymath/Renaissance man, and superb
geek / hacker / action hero / warrior.
</p>

<p>
<b>ABSTRACT:</b> stop the Iranian Leadership from developing a nuclear bomb,
and immediately take decisive action (detailed below) to neutralise it, and
overthrow it, in order to prevent the destruction of Tel Aviv, Israel
and/or some other big Middle Eastern centre of life, value production, and
happiness.
</p>

<p>
Dear Mr. Obama,
</p>

<p>
What would you rather have? One country's oil being gone forever, or an atomic
bomb being dropped on <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_City">New
    York City</a>, <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Los_Angeles">Los Angeles</a>, or
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco">San Francisco</a>, and
wiping one of them forever? The Jewish scholars once said that “He who saved
one soul, has saved the world entire” and saving an entire city or country
of happy, productive, people is much more important and a humane cause
than gold, even the black one.
</p>

<p>
A lot of people think that Jerusalem was the spiritual centre of the Near East,
but it never was. The real centres were port cities:
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babylon">Babylon</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tyre,_Lebanon">Tyre</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sidon">Sidon</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athens">Athens</a>,
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexandria">Alexandria</a>,
and finally - <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rome">Rome</a>. Cities
of much commerce, pleasure, aristocracy, so-called “waste of time” and
partying, and of course - sin and even crime. But then again, the home
to the some of history’s greatest thinkers and doers - not despite the fact
that they were such sinful centres of commerce, but by virtue of that.
</p>

<p>
There are now many such Alexandrias around the world, sometimes more than one
in a certain country, and they are almost always port towns. As an Israeli who
lives in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramat_Aviv">Ramat
    Aviv</a> (Gimmel), which is part of
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tel_Aviv">Tel Aviv</a>, I can testify
that studying in
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Technion_%E2%80%93_Israel_Institute_of_Technology">the Technion</a>
in Haifa, and working in Jerusalem, were sobering experiences. They made
me realise how much Tel Aviv was the “It” city of Israel, and the only
place a truly intellectual Israeli can be. It is the city with the largest
amount of places to eat and get entertainment, with the largest amount of
“hotties” (both female and male) on the streets and inside the buildings,
the city with the most commerce, industry and action, the city with the most
diversity, and where people are the most enjoying themselves, or busy doing
something productive (both of which are important for life). Even all the
foreign embassies are scattered around Tel Aviv.
</p>

<p>
Many people are under the assumption that everyone in Israel carries a gun,
that there are soldiers everywhere who carry machine guns (including female
soldiers), and that all Jews living in Israel are
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haredi_Judaism">ultra-orthodox (or
    Haredi)</a>, but the truth is far from it. Most people on the street are
not soldiers, most soldiers are sedentary or support soldiers who don't carry
guns, most people don't know martial arts, many Israeli Jews and a minority
of Druze ones are exempt from military service (including me), and almost
all of Israel has been surprisingly peaceful most of the time (and there's
far greater risk for a person’s life due to the notoriously careless driving
and pedestrian carlessness of Israelis, than there is from terrorist activity).
</p>

<p>
Furthermore, many people in Tel Aviv and elsewhere speak non-Hebrew languages
on the street: spoken Arabic (very common in Tel Aviv and naturally - Jaffa),
Russian and other Slavic languages, English, Spanish, and various languages
spoken by mostly non-Jewish foreign workers. A lot of these people are Muslim,
who as opposed to the pathetic worshippers of Stars and Zodiac signs who
blindly and selectively parrot Muhammad’s teaching, are hard-working,
down-to-earth, and respect, admire and love other people. ( See my
<a href="http://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Shlomif/Guidelines_Encouraging_Participation_in_Wikis#Learning_from_Saladin">“Learning
from Saladin”</a> feature. )
</p>

<p>
While Israel has its share of political, social, cultural, economical, etc.
problems, Tel Aviv and the nearby cities are a great place to live.
</p>

<h2>What is My Authority?</h2>

<p>
Before I go on to the easy solution from saving Tel Aviv or whatever from the
evil wrath of Iran, let me tell you what is my authority. Simply put,
I am the most powerful man on Earth on the simple grounds that
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/the-eternal-jew/the-eternal-jew/most_powerful_man.html">everyone
    should think so</a>, and act accordingly. Furthermore, I am not only
the Messiah, but
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/the-eternal-jew/#reception">the
    “Little Red Riding Hood” of Messiahs</a>, because I think the Messiah
will come when everyone assumes his role. And I've played the role of
<a
    href="http://buffyfanfiction.wikia.com/wiki/Selina_Mandrake_-_The_Slayer#The_Invisible">“the Invisible”</a> for far too long, which resulted in me
being occasionally unhappy, and other people being unhappy with me and many
people dying.
</p>

<p>
As the Messiah, I do no think I have the good skills to administer the United
States of America, much less the whole world (which I'm not planning to unite
under a world government - countries, corporations, ethnic groups, idea
systems, etc. are important for localising damage, adding diversity,
and for cross polination.), but I am willing to act as an experienced
and insightful (or what some may call “wise”) consultant for
my friends and for other people.
</p>

<p>
And here's the thing: it's time that governments abolish the
<a href="http://catb.org/esr/writings/homesteading/homesteading/ar01s06.html">command
    hierarchy</a> and have every individual think for themselves, take
initiative (see Joel on Software's post about
<a href="http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2004/12/06.html">the
    Hebrew phrase “Rosh Gadol” (= big head)</a>, and be independent.
This eventually yields the <a href="http://www.avc.com/a_vc/2012/02/the-management-team-guest-post-from-joel-spolsky.html">“management
    team” also described by Joel</a> where the non-managerial workers are at
the top of the organisation.
</p>

<p>
So I'm calling for every conscious individual to take decisive action, realise
their consciousness operates by choice (and even if it doesn't, then we should
pretend it does), possibly realise they should simply say “No” to their
superiors or authority if they don't like their orders (see
<a href="http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Nuremberg_defense">“the
    Nuremberg defense”</a> of “I was only following orders”.),
and that productive people doing what they are good at, will not cause anarchy,
but the contrary of it: amazing groth. So this open letter is addressed not
only at Mr. Obama
, who appears to be waiting for the Messiah to come before he takes decisive
action to help the people of the United States and the world, and save many
individual lives (thus saving the world entire several times),
but at any value producer, who can do something to help the world.
</p>

<p>
As for me, you can be impressed from the works I have created and placed on
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/">my home site</a>, as well as
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/blogs/">my blogs</a>,
and <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/contact-me/">my presence</a> at
various user-generated sites. Some of my most serious works are my
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/">humorous
    works of fiction</a> which range in scope
from
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/bits/facts/">factoids</a>
about Chuck Norris, and other people and things, to
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/stories/">full-scope novellas
    and screenplays</a> (which few people <a href="http://www.robcottingham.ca/cartoon/archive/tldr/">have ever had
    the patience to read</a> the latter, including when I grew up in the 1980s and
1990s.)
</p>

<p>
But let's the solution for getting
</p>

</body>
</html>
