Excellent feature! I greatly enjoyed it (just note that I'm a guy) - thanks for
sharing and I hope the panel was nice. I hope to see and welcome many talented
and resourceful female writers and authors of sci-fi and  action, who will
collaborate to create part of the next generation of female heronies who are
intelligent, resourceful, competent, and talented, yet still sexy, and
feminine.  Naturally, as a male writer (see the <a
href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/">stories and screenplays section</a> of
my homepage), I am not going to stand idle and let my peers, whether male or
female, surpass me easily, but I suppose that there's always a place for more
people competing for that.

Buffy Summers was an awesome character, and I was totally into her and Sarah
Michelle Gellar, who was the superb actress and martial artist, who played her,
back in the wild wild Web 1.0 days and the first seasons of Buffy. That was
shortly after I graduated from high school, had lots of raging hormones, and
worked in several workplaces as a programmer, and was about to start my college
degree. I think Buffy was the "perfection achieved" (or <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epitome">epitome</a> or whatever it is
called) version of the fighting chick, whom girls could relate to, look up to
as a role model, and found it easy to feel empathy for, and guys found her not
only not intimidating, but attractive.

Anyway, Buffy and other shows I watched in this period such as <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Friends">Friends</a> and <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine">Star Trek: Deep
Space Nine</a>, provided a lot of inspiration and fodder for my stories and
screenplays, and I have also created a world titled <a
href="http://buffyfanfiction.wikia.com/wiki/Selina_Mandrake_-_The_Slayer">the
Selinaverse</a> that crosses many such influences (what can I say - <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bipolar_disorder">bipolar disorder /
manic-depresssive disorder</a> can be fun sometimes… ;-)) along with other
things. Even my most “normal” story yet - <a
href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/human-hacking/"><i>The Human Hacking
Field Guide</i></a>, which tells the story of several high school teenagers in
2005 Los Angeles, who deal extensively in working on open source software (and
to a lesser extent free/open “content”), drew inspiration from the characters
of Buffy and Faith for the protagonist (Jennifer Raymond) and the antagonist
(Eve “Erisa” Siegel) respectively.

I think part of the problem with the realisation of female heroines and even
female authors, was the traditional <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Judeo-Christian#Ethical_value_system">Judeo-Christian
Ethics</a> value system which limited the amount of activities women were able
to do to exclude philosophy, most important artworks, writing, poetry and being
a scholar, the performing arts, and naturally - fighting. The names of most of
the most important action heroines (or "female hackers") in the Bible were
deemed inauspicious in <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halakha">the
Jewish tradition (the Halakhah)</a>, only to become popular among Jews after
the Zionist revolution. I think there's some bitter justice in the fact that
there have been many important Jewesses who championed the break from the
Judeo-Christian ethical system: Sarah Michelle Gellar, <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayn_Rand">Alisa Rosenbaum → Ayn Rand</a>
(despite her many personal and philosophical faults and the fact that she often
fell victim to the false beliefs of her time), and <a
href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marta_Kauffman">Marta Kauffman</a>.

P.S: you should watch the three episodes of <a
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2lKsx8UHd8">Parody: A Love Story
(Twilight, Harry Potter, Karate Kid, and Buffy parody)</a>, which sports a
chubby girl, who seems unattractive at first, but ends up learning and doing
some mean karate in a typical SMG-like hotness.

Anyway, thanks for the excellent write up and sorry for getting carried away.

Regards,

— Mr. Shlomi Fish (a.k.a "Rindolf") of Tel Aviv, Israel
