<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Invisibles of the World - Ascend, and become Alphas</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection" title="Normal" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./print.css" type="text/css" media="print" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Invisibles of the World - Ascend, and become Alphas</h1>

<p>
OK, I am really tired of having people like me speak in riddles, so I'll put
all the cards I have now on the table.
</p>

<h2>My biggest mistake - playing the invisible</h2>

<p>
For a long time now, I wanted to achieve greatness: be extremely
famous, have my stories be read, have my web-site be visited countless of
times, and become a household name, and also earn a lot of money in the
process (to allow me to travel, be able to afford going out, etc.). However,
having read in several places that “The Invisible Hacker is the
most powerful” (a hacker is a talented worker that bends the rules,
and for what “hacker” means, see
<a href="http://catb.org/~esr/faqs/hacker-howto.html">“How to become a
    hacker”</a> and Paul Graham’s
<a href="http://www.paulgraham.com/gba.html">The word “Hacker”</a>), I decided
to play it the invisible. So I remained a relatively unknown Tel Aviv,
Israel-based software developer, who studied Electrical Engineering in who
was constantly looking for jobs, and who found a lot of joy in working on
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/">his personal web site</a>, various pieces
of open source software, and has been doing a lot of one-to-one, one-to-many
and many-to-many communications on the Internet. I was happy, but constantly
had periods of hypomanias.
</p>

<p>
I gradually felt that I was controlling everything behind the scenes, and
finding trends right before they became mainstream, and having slowly gain
popularity by word of mouth, and influencing people, but I kinda hated it.
Some people can be quiet and benevolent value producers doing ordinary things.
But not me - I want to be very good, not play “The Invisible”. I am not a
follower of trends - I set trends. And I want to be recognised for the truly
wonderful person that I am.
</p>

<p>
Note that this is not about being what Americans call “a winner” and win
1st place at some silly competition of who has the highest grade average or
the highest television rating ever. I don't care about that too much, but
I do care about being acknowledged. My stories are not perfect, but it is
their imperfection and sometimes sloppiness that makes them perfect.
</p>

<h2>The Technion and the American concept of “Loser” and “Winner”</h2>

<p>
The Technion in Haifa, Israel, where I studied for my Bachelor of
Science degree, is overall a fine institute to study in, but it has several
problems. One problem is that it's "90% work / 10% play" instead of say
"70% work / 30% play", because there's a strong discipline to study and only
that. But an even graver problem is the fact that the staff prefers the scores
of their tests to be an approximate
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normal_distribution">normal distribution</a>
(or Gaussian) which makes many people who studied hard frustrated at their
low grades. A better strategy would be to give a solid workload during the
semester, and then to have a <b>relatively</b> easy test, so people who studied
hard during the semester will easily pass with a high score, while the slackers
will still fail.
</p>

<p>
It seems like there's a similar problem with M.I.T., but whereas in MIT they
have a major problem with suicides of people who had straight A's in high
school and became C average students in M.I.T., I have yet to hear of a
Technion student who committed suicide because of low grades. Why? Because
Israelis don't have the unhealthy obsession about not being a “loser” that
Americans do. Technion students know best to realise that their low grades
are not their own fault, but rather the fault of the institute's general
policy.
</p>

<p>
I received some flak due to this. One Technion professor (who graduated from
M.I.T.) once asked me why my grade average was relatively low. I told him
I had better things to do with my time, and did not want to invest the much
extra time in getting perfect scores, and that I never took a course or a test
again if I got a passing grade (no matter how low). I spent many hours in
my Technion studies working on my homepage and on open source software,
interacting with my fellow students, browsing the web for information and
knowledge, etc. and they later on provided fodder for my works of fiction,
humour and philosophy. So I knew that I was right in trying to enhance my
general skillset instead of just my grades.
</p>

<p>
Some Americans may think I’m a “loser” for finishing with an average grade
of only 84.6% (which still made me a cum-laude student) and not being
able to persist in the same job for a long time since. But I’m not competing
like an Olympic athelete at some silly race on life. Life is meant to be
enjoyed - it is not a silly race.
</p>

<h2><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver_Linings_Playbook"><i>Silver Linings Playbook</i></a></h2>

<p>
A good friend recommended me to watch the film <i>Silver Linings Playbook</i>,
and said it discussed a man who had
<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bipolar_disorder">Bipolar
    disorder (or “Mania-Depressia”)</a>, which is something I have been
suffering from as well. I watched the film and found it imperfect: slow
starting, irresponsible, and a little depressing at times. But it was a great
film, with some great acting, many jokes and many awkward and funny
situations, and many details I could relate to. So it was perfect simply
because it was imperfect. Films that are too perfect are too boring.
</p>

<p>
Anyway, the theme of the film was that you can be happy and content even if
it appears you are a “loser”. Despite the fact that I am still living with my
parents at 35, that I've never been in a relationship with a girl (and I
am a straight guy), that I had a hard time keeping a job as a programmer, and
it's been a while since I've gone out of Israel, I am not a loser, and neither
probably are you.
</p>

<p>
That put aside, I still want fame, recognition, money, and becoming a
household name. It's just what I want and what I think I can do. That's part
of who I am, and part of what I think I can do.
</p>

<h2><a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jennifer_Lawrence">Jennifer Lawrence</a></h2>

<p>
And Silver Linings Playbook brings us to Ms. Jennifer Lawrence, who played
a lead role there and won many awards including the Academy Award for
best actress (a.k.a the Oscars) at the young (for an Academy Aware winner)
age of twenty-two (22). I was
quick to dismiss her due to previously playing in the dystopian <i>The Hunger
    Games</i> (I dislike dystopian stuff) but I loved her on <i>Silver Linings
    Playbook</i>. Although attractive, Ms. Lawrence is certainly not the
most beautiful woman I met or saw, and I'm sure she has some personality quirks
(like we all do), but thanks to playing her card rights, she is now
a much coveted <b>Alpha Female</b>, who can have the rest of her life (and
I wish her a very happy and long life) go in a direction she chooses.
</p>

<h2>The Importance of Human Networking</h2>

<p>
While being an Objectivist, I am going to make a surprise statement: Ayn
Rand’s books The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged have a tragic ending. Yes,
in The Fountainhead, unlike in my parody and modernisation of it which
I called <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/TOWTF/">“The One With
    The Fountainhead”</a>, World War II is not prevented, and the characters
each end up unhappy. On the other hand, in my parody, Dominique Francon
becomes the president of the United States, Roark is her husband and father
of her children and decides to pursue a career in paleontology having reached
saturation as an architect, Toohey starts a new career as an excellent
saxophone player, and Gail Wynand transforms his newspaper empire into
something more benevolent.
</p>

<p>
Furthermore, it is clear from the Fountainhead that like Howard Roark, Ayn
Rand expected fortune and success to come to her at the time without her
doing anything about it. In <i>Atlas Shrugged</i> on the other hand, all
the characters including the protagonist Dagny and the antagonist John Galt,
are constantly travelling and networking. Like it should be. Today you can do
the same using mostly (but certainly not exclusively) Internet means.
</p>

<p>
And that was also my problem, which I've decided to avoid now.
</p>

<h2>David and Goliath</h2>

<p>
The Israelites and the Philistines schedule a large battle. The philistines
have far superior equipment with armors made out of cast iron, which the
Israelites don't have. Eventually, Goliath, a tall Philistine giant, steps
forward and asks for an Israelite man worthy enough to fight him and determine
the fate of the battle (something quite common in the Near East). The
Israelites seem like they will lose the battle.
</p>

<p>
Out of nowhere, a young Israeli boy whom hardly anyone knew about steps forward
with a sling and a few pebbles. Goliath thinks this is ridiculous and ridicules
him. However, the boy quickly puts a pebble in his sling, and after rotating
it to achieve a very large velocity (not unusual with slings) hurls it with
great accuracy (also not unusual, because shepherds in the Near East
effectively used slings to kill lions and other predators to their flock)
into Goliath's face, which was uncovered to allow him to see. Even if Goliath's
shield bearer wanted, he could not have lifted the huge shield in time, and
Goliath was completely not agile in his suit and armor. The sling's rock
smashes Goliath brain, and he falls to the ground dead. The Israelites have
won the battle.
</p>

<p>
The Boy's name was David.
</p>

<p>
Why do I think it's important here? Because David was a hacker (see
<a href="http://www.paulgraham.com/gba.html">Paul Graham’s
    “The Word ‘Hacker’”</a>) - he knew the rules, and played by them,
but knew how to bend them and violate them to earn his victory. There
were many other hackers since, and there are a lot of them today even if
some of them think that “hackers” only mean no goodnick and malevolent computer
intruders. Hackers come in all shapes and sizes - and many of them (including
Ayn Rand and Jennifer Lawrence) are female.
</p>

<p>
Was David Jewish and Goliath a Philistine? Did the battle actually happen in
its form? What really happened to David next? In a true open source fashion,
the peoples of the Near East gladly borrowed legends and memes from other
people and improved them, or adapted them to their whims. This is similar to
how we now create fan fiction (of Star Trek and many other franchises) by
the droves, or even mix and match many myths - both old and new - or
share and build upon Chuck Norris facts and similar facts - or whatever. (Only
now it's in much greater speed and capacity).
</p>

<h2>The Machines That Can Give You Questions</h2>

<p>
Back when <a href="http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Pablo_Picasso">Pablo Picasso</a>
asked for commenting about computers, he said
“But they are useless. They can only give you answers.” and in a sense he
was right, because most computers at his time were used for one-off (and
time-consuming) calculations and simulations. But there was another use of
computers that was still in its infancy then and unknown: computer networking.
But as technology improved, it became more and more powerful and pervasive.
</p>

<p>
The 1986 film <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jumpin%27_Jack_Flash_%28film%29"><i>Jumpin'
        Jack Flash</i></a> Starring Whoopi Goldberg (which I highly enjoyed
and can recommend)
exemplified the power of early computer communications, though it was
still in its infancy. The early popular Internet around the late 90s, with
the so-called <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_1.0">“Web 1.0”</a>
was a hodgepodge of static web sites (often at Geo Cities), lots of useless or
incomplete information, search engines that were still not very good, and
naturally, lots of fan pages of Buffy and Sarah Michelle Gellar (who was the
Jennifer Lawrence of the time).
</p>

<p>
If you wanted an interactive many-to-many discussion, you had to use Usenet,
or mailing lists, or Internet Relay Chat (IRC), or Slashdot, or whatever.
</p>

<p>
That has changed significantly, with the fact that JavaScript matured, wikis,
web forums and blogs became popular, search engines (most notably Google)
became better, and, later on, we've seen the rise of web-based social networks
such as Facebook, Twitter or Google Plus, which provide a more integrated
and quicker to do experience.
</p>

<p>
That does not mean that all the old Internet mediums are dying - mailing lists
, IRC, and even some Web 1.0 sites (including my own) are still alive and
kicking, and people now are increasingly using Jabber/XMPP/GTalk/GChat.
</p>

<p>
Anyway, because computer networking allows humans to communicate with
other humans, they can provide you with questions. Lots and lots of questions.
So I think Pablo Picasso would love the Internet (and other means of
online communications such as SMSes, phone calls, mobile phone calls, etc.)
of 2013.
</p>

<h2>Chuck Norris</h2>

<p>
Which brings us to Chuck Norris, who reportedly lost only one fight -
to Bruce Lee - from the time he became a professional fighter, until now
when he is old, has a malfunctioning left leg, and can be beaten relatively
easily by some of the most competent of his younger peers. However, I am
sure this is not the only battle that Chuck Norris has lost, because we
all had many disappointments in our lives, and things that didn't work like
we wanted to, people we liked or even loved that hated us, moved out of
our reach or died, and opinions we thought or proclaimed that turned out to
be mistaken. Chuck Norris had those too. These lost battles are part of who
we are as human beings and a natural part of life on Earth.
</p>

<p>
That put aside, Chuck Norris recently lost a much bigger battle than the
one with Bruce Lee, because the seemingly silly and popular Internet meme,
the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chuck_Norris_facts">Chuck Norris
    facts</a> (and other memes that they span) have become a much bigger and
better fighting machine than he has ever have been. Only it is not a
physical war - it is a gentle and subversive (but equally as powerful)
psychological war. And despite common beliefs, a good psychological
war is not won by intimidation or "defeat", but by
<a href="https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Shlomif/Guidelines_Encouraging_Participation_in_Wikis#Learning_from_Saladin">Saladin’s method</a>
of respecting your adversary, showing mercy towards him, even supporting him
by what appear to be his mistakes, forgiving him and trying to reach a common
ground.
</p>

<p>
Many people were easily indoctrinated into the Chuck Norris facts meme. I recall
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/fortunes/show.cgi?id=chuck-norris-and-perl-6">this
    conversation on Freenode’s #perl</a> in June 2006, shortly after
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randal_L._Schwartz">Randal
    L. Schwartz</a> (a really great guy, whom my relationship with him
started on the left foot, but that we're now on good terms with one
another), 
</p>

</body>
</html>
