<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE
    html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US">
<head>
<title>Blog Entry for my 36th Birthday</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta name="author" content="Shlomi Fish" />
<meta name="description" content="Shlomi Fish's Homepage" />
<meta name="keywords" content="" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./style.css" type="text/css" media="screen, projection" title="Normal" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="./print.css" type="text/css" media="print" />
<style type="text/css">
a:hover { background-color: palegreen;}
</style>
</head>
<body>
<!-- Tags: TODO : FILL IN.
-->

<h1>Blog Entry for my 36th Birthday</h1>

<p>
Being born on <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_5">5 May</a>
1977, I turn 36 (= thirty six) on 5 May 2013. 36 is a special number for me
in part because it is the square of 6, but more importantly because it is
two times of 18. The age of 18 is considered the start of maturity in Israel
when Israeli boys and girls gain the right to vote, and are supposed to enroll
into <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_Defense_Forces">the
Israeli military</a>, and normally hit sexual maturity at that point.
The time I was 18, 19, 20 in 1995-1997, was very influential for me, and
now I feel that I have achieved a second maturity.
</p>

<p>
My story actually begins earlier when I was fourteen, and my D&amp;D
character
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/me/rindolf/#rindolf_the_dwarf">Rindolf</a>
died, which proved quite a shock on myself. Throughout the second part of
the summer, I felt like I lost my meaning to live, and hardly smiled during
a trip that my family took to the United states. Later on, during the
9th grade scholastic year, I entered seveal periods of
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Major_depressive_disorder">clinical
depressions</a>, which I didn't quite know what they were, or how to properly
handle, since the philosophical background I had at the time was inadequate.
</p>

<p>
During my high school years (10th-12th grades), I had several other periods of
clinical depressions, and some periods of
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/psychology/hypomanias/">hypomanias</a>.
Meanwhile, I continued my interest in mathematics, and took part in maths
competitions, went back to program a little in the computer, quit playing
table top role playing games (because it was not good for me), and started
writing some essays. I also became introduced to
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_R._Wallace">Neo-Tech</a>, which
is an offshoot of Ayn Rand’s
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectivism_%28Ayn_Rand%29">Objectivism</a>, through
a book that my father bought, and was mostly happy.
</p>

<p>
After I graduated from high school (at the age of 18), I had lots of raging
hormones, and also had a crush on a former schoolmate (which quickly
subsided), and also started working as a software developer in some
workplaces, before serving in the Israeli military. Right before the military,
I entered into a prolonged period of depression, and received psychological
and psychiatric treatment. When an army officer learned of it, he exempted me
from service, which made me feel better almost immediately.
</p>

<p>
In the meanwhile, it was 1996 and the Internet craze started with
<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_1.0">the early web - “Web 1.0”</a>,
and in my second workplace at
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/prog-evolution/shlomif-at-cortext.html">Cortext
web-design</a>, I spent a lot of time developing for the early web using
a multitude of hacky technologies, and browsing some pages of interest. I
stumbled upon some early pages providing an introduction for Objectivism,
which proved of great influence to me, and also was introduced to the net
fiction <a href="http://bofh.ntk.net/BOFH/index.php">the Bastard Operator
from Hell</a>, which also proved of influence. The end results of that was
<a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/humour/TheEnemy/">my story, <i>The
Enemy and How I Helped to Fight it</i></a>, which was my first real
and serious story.
</p>

<p>
Now, for a long time, I've been thinking of myself as a “profile” or
a “god” : <a href="http://www.shlomifish.org/philosophy/the-eternal-jew/">The
Eternal Jew</a>. A few months ago, however, <b>FILL IN</b>
</p>
</body>
<!-- vim: set indentexpr=
-->
</html>
